(wind howling)
(upbeat pop music)
♪ Talking loud and clear ♪
♪ Saying just what I feel ♪
♪ Lying in the grass ♪
♪ With the sun on our backs ♪
♪ It doesn't really matter ♪
♪ What we do or what we say ♪
♪ With every little movement ♪
♪ We give ourselves away ♪
♪ Opposite and opposite ♪
♪ Decisions are reversed ♪
♪ Facing one another ♪
♪ With words that couldn't hurt ♪
♪ With every little word ♪
♪ You're getting closer to me ♪
♪ Talking loud and clear ♪
♪ Saying just what we feel today ♪
♪ Saying just what we feel ♪
♪ Lying in the grass ♪
♪ We've got time on our hands ♪
♪ Body next to body ♪
♪ With silence all around ♪
♪ We understand each other ♪
♪ But didn't make a sound ♪
♪ Promises and promises ♪
♪ Of vows we shall return ♪
♪ Facing one another ♪
♪ I thought my heart would burn ♪
♪ You turn to move away ♪
♪ But then get closer to me ♪
♪ Talking loud and clear ♪
♪ Saying just what we feel today ♪